Add example usage of "extract_fields" for mlflow.search_traces in documentation (#12319)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/tracing/index.rst

        experiment_ids=["1", "2"], filter_string="attributes.status = 'OK'", max_results=5
    )

> Alternatively, you can use `fluent API <./index.html#tracing-fluent-apis>`_ to search for traces. This method allows you to specify fields to extract from traces using the format 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use fluent API :py:func:`mlflow.search_traces` to search for traces, which returns a pandas DataFrame with each row contains a trace. This method allows you to specify fields to extract from traces using the format
```

For easier navigation to the API doc where we have more examples.

> ``"span_name.[inputs|outputs]"`` or ``"span_name.[inputs|outputs].field_name"``.

Reviewer 2: Can we also explain:

1. The extracted fields are included as extra columns in the pandas dataframe returned by `search_traces())
2. This feature can be used to build evaluation datasets to further improve model / agent performance

.. code-block:: python

    # Search for traces in specific experiments
    traces = mlflow.search_traces(
        experiment_ids=["1", "2"],
        extract_fields=["span1.inputs", "span1.outputs.c"],

>     )

Reviewer 2: Can we show an example output? E.g. using a screenshot?

Reviewer 3: do we need a screenshot?
we can just copy output text of `print(traces)`
